Update dotnet.md (#696)
logzio/logz-docs: _source/logzio_collections/_log-sources/dotnet.md

| bufferTimeout <span class="default-param">`00:00:05`</span> | Maximum time to wait for more log lines, as _hh:mm:ss.fff_. |
| retriesMaxAttempts <span class="default-param">`3`</span> | Maximum number of attempts to connect to Logz.io. |
| retriesInterval <span class="default-param">`00:00:02`</span> | Time to wait between retries, as _hh:mm:ss.fff_. |

> | gzip <span class="default-param">`false`</span| To compression the data before shipping, `true`. Otherwize, `false`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| gzip <span class="default-param">`false`</span| To compress the data before shipping, `true`. Otherwise, `false`. |
```
